♪ [music] ♪
Now, when you click on your Heart icon,
we get a 404, and that's because we don't
have a route for that. But when you do
visit this page, we do want to query the
stores that are in our hearts. There's a
couple different ways you can go about
this, and I encourage you to pause the
video and actually try this one on your
own, because it's all stuff,
pretty much, that we've done so far.
So let's open up our index.js for our
routes, and let's add a new route for
getting our stores. So I'll say,
"router.get". I'm going to look for
"hearts," and we're going to use
the Store Controller, ".getHearts".
That's actually going to be [in a sink].
So I'll wrap that sucker in catchErrors.
Good. Next up, what we want to do
is open up our Store Controller.
Again, go to the bottom, make a new
method called "exports.getHearts".
Now, there's actually two ways we can
go ahead in finding all of these stores.
We could either query the current user
and call ".populate" on their hearts.
What that will do is it will just get the
user, and it will populate all of the
hearts. Or we can query a bunch of stores
and find those stores whose ID are in our
current heart array. What?
Let's try it. Let's do the second way.
We've done the first way already.
We have already populated fields that
were a relationship. But we haven't
done where an ID is in an array.
So what we're going to do is we're
going to say, "const stores = await" our
"Store.find". And our query is going to be
an object. It's kind of pretty interesting
what we have here. We're going to say,
"where the ID property of the store is in
req.user.hearts". So what that will do is
it will find any stores where their ID is
in an array, which is req.user.hearts.
That's pretty neat, because then it will
look in the array for us and find
all of the stores that we have.
So once we have that, let's just res.json
the actual list of stores that we have
here, and we get a huge array of stores
that I've hearted. Good. So what we can do
is just take that list of stores and
pass it off to our store's URL.
So we'll say, "res.render" and we
have a Stores layout already.
We don't need to make a new Pug file
for this. The title is going to be
"Hearted Stores" and we need to pass
along our stores, which we just found.
Again, we can just pass that as "stores".
Good. So I give that a save and refresh.
That's it. That's the end of this
tutorial. All we really have to do is
reuse our homepage layout, but do a
different query where we want to find the
actual stores that we have here. One thing
is if you open this up an Incognito
window, we actually get an error here,
because we're trying to find the
req.user.hearts, and "user" doesn't exist.
So what we really want to do here is put
a little bit of a middleware that will
double-check if the person is actually
logged in before... Because they
can't click on this in the URL.
But if someone were to send them
a link to this, we need to tell them,
"Hey, you actually have to be logged in
before you can specifically see those
hearts that you have hearted." So what
we'll do is we'll go back to our index.js,
and we'll simply just say,
"authController.isLoggedIn".
So we first check that they're logged in,
and then we will go and get the hearts.
So go back to our Incognito window
here and refresh. Then, it just says,
"Oops. You must be logged in to do that,"
and it will show us the login form.
Pretty neat. See you in the next one.
♪ [music] ♪